Lapis, Dearest
days, these over really—all me, us—well, have They moving. been I’ve Yes!
Your minute. the by gathering assignments new down, and upthread
up make to multiply missions our so toll, their took traps and tricks side’s
haste. at write I say: to Enough war. the of enough But difference. the
that, write to went I As brevity. my forgive to you ask to about was I
have when—I back right, were You head. your shaking you saw I though,
you. in is there me of what wonder I have. you or me, within you a built
a in me found It say. can I than more letter, your for you Thank
hunger. of moment
are that bridges the (Like too. bridges, they’re wound—but can Words
a be also can bridge a maybe Though behind.) left Genghis that all
Yours events. not structures, are Letters prophet: a paraphrase To wound?
inside. live to place a me give
highlights each and millennia, through spread you of memories My
rose-hip with husband, with home, at you of picture This motion. in you
indicates skin sea of stippling A heart. my swells river, and sunset with tea,
trace I big—so light-years bear a shape star of dots beneath—or whale the
watching sleeping, waking, you imagine I hints. these from now, life your
period and legs and back and arms with outside, hard working geese,
I grows. it where I’m next when sumac some find will I technology.
you think don’t I which variety, poison the with familiar only I’m confess
mean.
far village small some in side, by side us assign they’ll someday Perhaps
together, tea make can we and each, watching each cover, deep upthread,
I doings. other’s each of accounts sanitized home report books, trade
then. even letters, write still I’d think
a quick too seems that (Though it. Loved Mitchison. the Read
Especially me. hit It now.) words, about mean you what get summary—I
the with time harder a had I ending. the and Odin and dragons the
I though there, context some missing be may section—I Constantinople
of me reminds trickery the and book, the in holds it place what see can
the and kings the revelation—about final the But Quixote. Don of pieces
dragons, fighting as knights of think always we how Funny dragons—yes.
them. for work they fact in when
you Are rootlessness. in roots book this and roots, like to seems Garden
seed? dandelion A then? tumbleweed, a
remain, I as remain, so and yourself, are You
Yours,
Red
to thought I’d than harder it’s but creatures, fascinating are Owls PS.
me. trust didn’t one this Maybe food. take to them convince
may I shadows? seeing you but—are you, unnerve to mean don’t I PPS.
but paranoid, be well may I and yet, proof No up. one picked have
she on let hasn’t Commandant wrong. I’m mean doesn’t paranoia
care. Take yet. not least at anything, suspects
the to it commended I daring of moment a In book. That Really. PPPS.
generate to hard 623; Strand in critics major few a of attention
me Send time. the all rise strands know—new never you but momentum,
more.
